hello to a new video today I am
somehow completely turned on I am
got up this morning and I was
already on the way for the whole time
I've been shopping for a car today
run today is a make up
make up day and I drove like that
at mini and think so affair massive
many are on us sometime was like that
suddenly now at 18 o'clock I thought to myself
jp morgan I want to silence you instead of me
hey why not difficult then me and
talk to you in parallel patrice
in a finely done it anyway
I really like blue tonight
which fully relish have to wear blue
namely from the grandson 1 palette the
color motto it is about silver meter and
it drives me the whole first
face that you in silver already from yes
I'm wearing that's my first
Song on the movable lid already
Do not forget everything paletti not
used and blinded I think
I'll take a color with me now
Although the naked color the front here because
if you have such a dark color then
it is best to blind it in the corners
always with such a nice brown tone
then it seems like you already have
beautiful transition and now I turn off
my sleek palette this celestial
palette I believe I take this
blue here and day is here in front and
out there too, so I too
practically in the middle of this now
gunmetal let and then eyes the eye
a little wonder but powerful look
operate have to do today
Now I 'm off the two face
lattice blood taken my hands so
palm and kicked me now
first on the middle where I am
I asked the highlights want to put
that i love from this celeste the
palette this cable here that is so
the silver light blue and it is extreme
strong and I'm wearing the brush now
also handy in the middle and also
if that looks so extreme now
Two wise little dots that's not all
so bad and now I take out of the
palette this too blue and does so
a very mini v with it but I want
just a little bit practical here
now you alone from merlin like that
this gene eyeliner and zidan
practical black line from here to
from here and when I use my batteries 07
10 takes place very slowly and with that
eye does not look so small
because most make the mistake and
wear a watercourse and then see
the eye just looks small
it's here along my waterline and
especially what am I doing all the way down
Everyone is practically always on the edge of the picture
Snarling comes again the difference
When I look at you it looks like an eye
a little longer and more intense so now
I also made another eye
and looks quite dark now
looks nothing but the eyes
knows now lenchen beautiful blue of
at the front and was the herrnhaag here
down on it and do it a bit
that martin because i really only that
that is black down because if we
then too hard and too boring as it is
here under the ring and I do
Now my eyelashes are not like that either
clean you then later to mine
Apply false eyelashes I think so
Take the academy to us and yourself
but now it will carry on
of creole of the broker, the number d4 to
then practically mine down here
to lighten dark circles and I have it
I've filled my baskets anyway
always
here it is a used d 4wd it is
warm but now I have the and
at my next order I buy
the others also for me because that was
his mini orders at the stop
now have tested a lot and the man
last video have said mine before
God
Make up as good as you need
actually very little of the stuff and
I always wear it with paintbrush
here and if I go over here
I want to be very careful with the
Fingering is the best way to do it
Blend yes it looks very bright right
but I also want my eyes
then Scott will get it now
maker for ever 128 and i take mine
signal brush to follow and it would be up
Apply to my face
the sun changes here now i wear
times close to each driver on the button
constantly married
Now I never wear my major fit
sander in the color 300 I take care of
still without eyebrows and wear
As always the shark holding on to what I did
I have and I do not always catch on
my eyebrows out here so am
eyebrows bow that's what it looks like
your hair blue shops finds full beauty
My favorite place and I carry it
stop extremely fermented man rolf elgeti
of may not stop the mistake
do too much to do it i find it
was extremely well pigmented but me
find a little black of dazzle
anyway, if you do not have a product and
Now I live a bit down
crumbled by manthey-racing is first
times fell on the floor and I
Just thought of open ground help and
since then also because I stop with the powder
I now take the p2 deliver one
brown
I'll let mine now mine first
lips or with the film lips us now
I see the color angel was noted
You first lipstick think pink
and wear here in the middle of giving up
and so you see finished looks i hope
just was not to speak
washing machine cutter straight in the
moment where I wear an end of films
was clear first light dani
Washing machine
today is visibly difficult day too
film
I have just now of even the sp
an old hat on it is made and
the swimmer to gold blue brown her
look the look is just such a beautiful
become evening because we are so with it
shimmer and you have
those beautiful eyelashes that stop extremely
are beautiful logo on the company is
I'm just looking forward to it
hopper I have it I made fun saying
thanks for the audience do not forget either
at my last like it over too
watch until next time